All right.
In the last section, we have created some data inside the post that, yes, and we look through it
inside the post, such as by using map and we create another.
A component called post-purchase, and we just showed the user name of the, uh, each dummy data.
In this section, we are going to create the header.
Section of the.
Let me increase the science in the header section of the post.
If you zoom a little bit here.
We can see that we have.
Inside this one, we have.
We changed the color.
Now we have the header section, which has three parts.
The first one is the profile image.
Then we have the user username.
And after a space, we have an icon here.
So let's go back to the.
Please, we have the post such as.
So here we delete the user name.
Let's do NPR and Ron there to see it real time, so we delete the user name.
And inside this death, we create a section called header.
Or just say, posted a.
And here would be.
And, uh, it did an empty of.
And inside this, we have an image tag, which this source is.
User image.
Let's refresh the page and see the changes.
This is the user image.
It came the all it will be, you just say username.
And then after the death, we have.
We have a paragraph.
Here we have a paragraph.
Just saying we just want to use the name, so we just say user name.
We should see it here in the center.
And after the paragraph, we have the there are costs you're going to use the euro I cost.
The name of the hero icon, are you going to use is just a dots.
Yeah, that's Horizon icon, I think this is the one from the from the I outline.
And just to be added here.
Don?
That's Horizon icon.
Now we should see the three dots as well.
Yeah, here it's a huge.
That's the style everything.
First, we decreased the size of the image we have here.
So inside the image tag, you had a class name.
We just changed the height to be 12.
And we just make it round it by saying rounded, Oh.
And let's make let's make it keep the aspect ratio in case someone have a different size of the image,
we just see object cover.
Maybe you don't see any change here, because this this image is square.
And then we have this and the border, just one pixels and the some one big and padding.
This is four pixels, paddy, you can see.
Let me zoom a little bit here.
You can see the paddy.
And let's add some.
Yeah, just add some marching right off trick, so all right.
And the paragraph, let's start a paragraph.
I mean, the username.
So we had a class name here.
And the paragraph style would be a first we make it bold with just a font bold.
And, uh, that's it for for it now.
Just leave it there.
That's a style the.
The dots icon.
The thoughts I can't just have the height of five.
All right, now, everything is a small and nice.
Let's make bring them next to each other by just changing the class name of the top level to flags.
And we use Item Center to bring them to the center horizontally, so vertically, if you can see now
that that is upper than this one, we just see item center.
Let's see the change.
And no, this one in the center and we want this, want these thoughts to be here.
So the things we do.
Let's add some padding first.
So we push everything aside and we want to bring this wanted and we just need to change the flex of
this user name to Flex one.
Want a flex?
One means it.
It's like this one actually occupies all the air space and push this icon to the right side.
So every time you want something.
And covers everything we just use Flex one.
So the let's change the background color of the post.
To be.
At first, we need to add a class thing.
Let's change the background color to be a white.
And let's add some marching to the y axis.
Of seven.
So they get a little bit of space from each other.
We add some border want pics so we can see now.
And we just make it round it by using Rounded.
Media and we cannot see the round one now, but when we we have a smaller size like the final version,
here you can see the rounded corner.
Before finishing this section, because this is a short video, let's add this image as well so we can
keep continue for.
And then in the next section, we create these buttons.
So inside post such as after this, we create the post header, we create another section called we
just say post image.
And this is just an armed attack image tag.
And the source would be this time I am G.
This is the image you are getting from here.
This comes from the Post's, which is posted by Empty.
So now we can see the images.
Everything looks fine, but uh, we just add some class.
In case someone put a different size, that size, you just say object.
Cover.
And the worth will be for.
We don't see any change, but now if we decrease the size, this is actually taking all this space,
but later, when we are creating the right side of the feet section, we're going to make it responsive
and make it a smaller.
So just for now, leave it like this, but it's going to be very easy.
We going to make this fun possible using Flex.
Yeah, that was it for the this section, let's just add everything to the guitar.
Using kit at all.
And just to get comment and the message would be.
Uh, create the header and image sections of.
The Post's components.
All right.
Learn if you use get push to push everything to get up.
And let's check by refreshing the page.
Just now we had it.
I did a new commit.
So we imported the Dutch horizon icon from here, I can't.
And we just made the post header section.
By adding that image, the username and the horizon icon, and we make them made them flex and.
Bring them next to each other and you'll be used at Flex one to push the user name and just to make
it like a larger to occupy all the space.
Then we added the image section, which has the classes of object cover and with full.
In the next section, we're going to create this past the bottom part, so see you in the next section.